## zanuka.nz
future site build for [zanuka.nz](http://zanuka.nz) :: electron + next.js + micro + now + other explorations... 

### intent
This will be the public build of zanuka.nz production site. It's been too long since I actually had a website live for Zanuka, so it's about time to create something new. I've really enjoyed what the [ZEIT](https://github.com/zeit) team has been creating over the past year and Leo Lamprecht's post, [Building Electron Apps with Next.js](https://leo.im/2017/electron-next) has inspired me to explore this combination. My primary goal for zanuka.nz is to create something that can evolve and stay fresh with the latest tech. This may include blog posts, tech experiments, reviews, portfolio work and rapid prototypes. That's the idea anyway... 

### design
The primary focus will be on a clean UI with lots of room for expansion. I plan on investing time designing something relatively awesome and testing my hand at new visual effects, animations, and components that make for a better user experience and inspire others to put time into creating their own spin on UI. 

### stack
**Next.js:**
- build out the renderer for the Electron app
- routing and prefetching of pre-defined pages
- live-reloading all BrowserWindow instances > pointing to Next.js pages
- styling components and pages using styled-jsx
- transpiling, bundling and minifying
- code splitting

**[electron-next](https://github.com/leo/electron-next):**
- **development:** 
  - handle the flow required for building the renderer code
- **production:**
  - file:// protocol will work with Next.js bundle (generated by next export)
  - static assets will be loaded in the renderer process


#### License (MIT)

```    
    ~@ < MIT  
  _`\<,_  
 (*)/ (*)  
```
Copyright (c) 2018-present Zanuka Labs, Ltd.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[mdelucchi]: https://github.com/mdelucchi
[zanuka]: https://github.com/zanuka



